%{
    title: "The Lemon",
    author: "Kirdeez",
    tags: ~w(game_engine lemon),
    description: "Lets try to be cool"
}
---
<style>
    p {
        color: white;
    }

    h2 {
        color: white;
    }
</style>

## Questions to Think About

- What is a game engine?
- How do we structure a game enigne?
- Why do we make game engines?

## The Story

This is the beginning of my game engine journey. I want to be a game dev, but I also want to make my own engine because I think it would be cool. I want to understand how an engine works under the hood. Making a game with it is the least of my concerns, but would still be cool to say "I made this in my own custom engine". I'm going to be learning through the Handmade Hero series and the Kohi game engine series. I have no clue what I'm doing, and I find that some kind of structured learning suits me best. I'll mostly be following the Kohi YouTube series, as he seems to just have it all figured out.  

## The What

What is a game engine? A game engine is a framework and a suite of tools that help creators make video games.

## The Why

To learn how they work, at least for me. Plus I think it would be cool.

## The How

Well we'll need some tools ourselves, and in this case we'll be using C. Now let's look at designing or planning out our attack.

## The Architecture

### The Lemon Engine

We'll first have our engine (Lemon) which is a DLL, or Dynamic-link library. This is a shared library in the Mircosoft Windows operating system. This must be how we build apps for Windows in C. The Dynamic-link library also seems to be how Microsoft implements a Dynamic Linker, which is part of an OS that loads and links the shared libraries needed by an executable. Shared libraries are computer files that contain the executable code designed to be used by multiple computer programs or other libraries at runtime. I still don't understand what this means, but it sounds like this is how our program/engine runs at a low-level.  
<br/>
Not using Cmake. P.S. I don't know what this even does   
Platform Layer (Windows, Linux)  
Core Layer (Memory Allocators, logger, other custom libraries)  
Resource Manangement (Meshes, Animations, World Maps, Materials, Images)  
Renderer Front-End (GUI, Camera)  
Renderer Back-End (Shaders, Textures)  
Audio (Effects, Playback Management)  
Others (ECS, State Machines, Animation Timeline, Physics, etc...)  

### A Game

### Hawt Reload

### Bed of Tests

### The Almighty Editor


Just like the Hertz commercial, LET'S GO!